[Doc] add  custom properties for the reconsumeLater (#13468)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/concepts-messaging.md

                .subscribe();
```

> Retry letter message contains some special property，automatically created by client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retry letter message contains some special properties created by a client automatically.
```

> special property | Description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special property | Description
```

:--------------------|:-----------
`REAL_TOPIC` | The real topic name.

> `ORIGIN_MESSAGE_ID` | The origin message id, it will be crucial for message tracking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ORIGIN_MESSAGE_ID` | The origin message ID. It is crucial for message tracking.
```
- Write in the simple present tense as much as possible if you are covering facts that were, are, and forever shall be true. Details see https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.e8uqh1awkcnp

- Capitalize proper nouns correctly. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lc5j4RtuLIzlEYCBo97AC8-U_3Erzs_lxpkDuseU0n4/edit#bookmark=id.je5thtkj42cb

`RECONSUMETIMES`   | The retry consume times.
`DELAY_TIME`      | Message delay timeMs.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example**
```

```
REAL_TOPIC = persistent://public/default/my-topic
ORIGIN_MESSAGE_ID = 1:0:-1:0
RECONSUMETIMES = 6
DELAY_TIME = 3000
```

If you want to put messages into a retrial queue, you can use the following API.

```java
consumer.reconsumeLater(msg, 3, TimeUnit.SECONDS);
```

> If you want to add custom properties for the reconsumeLater, you can use the following API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to add custom properties for the `reconsumeLater`, you can use the following API.
```

```java

> consumer.reconsumeLater(msg, customProperties, 3, TimeUnit.SECONDS);

Reviewer 2: Can you show a more complete example including how to construct `customProperties` as well?

Author: I can provide a complete example
